Overview========CANopen is standardised higher layer ptotocol which runs on industrial bus like CANbus for embedded control systems. ``module_canopen`` is a CANopen Slave that exchanges messages with CANopen master over Industrial control bus such as  CAN bus. The data in the Object dictionary of CANopen slave can be accessed by the messages depending on their type.Object Dictionary:++++++++++++++++++Object Dictionary is used for communication and configuration of CANopen device. Each object in the object dictionary contains Index, Object name, Name, Type, Attribute, Manditory or optional field.Network Management (NMT):+++++++++++++++++++++++++The NMT protocols is used to change the state of a CANopen device. The NMT commands are issues by the CANopen Master to change the state (e.g. Opertional, Pre-operational, Stopped, Initialisation) of the devices. Service Data Objects (SDO):+++++++++++++++++++++++++++The SDO protocol is used to write and read the values from the object dictionary of a remote device. The device whose object dictionary is accessed is the SDO server and the device accessing the remote device is the SDO client. Reading from object dictionary is termed as SDO upload and a write to dictionary is known as SDO download. Different kinds of data transfers are supported based on the Data length. ``Expedited`` type of data transfer is supported if data length is upto 4 Bytes. ``Segmented`` type of data transfer is supported if data transfer is greater than 4 bytes.Process Data Object (PDO):++++++++++++++++++++++++++PDOs are used to transmit and receive real-time data between nodes. Maximum of 8 bytes can be transmitted or received using a PDO. Each PDO contains communication parameter and mapping parameter. The communication parameter contains information about the communication type of an PDO and mapping parameter contains the address of the mapped Objects in the Object dictionary.There are two types of PDOs (Transmit PDO, Rceive PDO). The TPDOs are responsible for transmitting data and RPDOs are resposible for receiving Data.Synchronization Message (SYNC):+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Each CANopen network contains a SYNC producer which produces SYNC messages. The SYNC consumers (SYNC slaves) perform synchronous activities on reception of the SYNC messages. Emergency Message (EMCY):+++++++++++++++++++++++++Emergency messages are transmitted on occurrence of a device error situation and are transmitted from the application device to other devices with high priority. Emergency message should be sent only once per error event. Heartbeat:++++++++++The Heartbeat protocol is used to monitor the nodes in the network. A heartbeat producer periodically sends a message with the curent device state. The heartbeat consumer receives the heartbeat messages. If the messages fail to arrive within a certain time limit then the consumer will know that the device is not active. Nodeguard:++++++++++In Node guarding, NMT master requests other devices to respond to the nodeguard messages with current state of the device. If a node does not respond to the request of the NMT master within certain time, this is assessed as node failure and indicated to the master.Layer Setting Services (LSS):+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++The LSS messages are used to read the device inforamtion such as Device Name, Manufacture ID, Serial Number. 